{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red64\green163\blue63;
\red239\green239\blue239;\red238\green43\blue42;\red237\green237\blue237;\red0\green0\blue233;\red29\green29\blue32;
\red96\green96\blue96;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c29804\c68627\c31373;
\cssrgb\c94902\c94902\c94902;\cssrgb\c95686\c26275\c21176;\cssrgb\c94510\c94510\c94510;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c14902\c15294\c16863;
\cssrgb\c45098\c45098\c45098;}
{\info
{\title FAKE NEWS DETECTOR}}\vieww28600\viewh18000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \cf2 FAKE NEWS DETECTOR \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/seikoubahkaragera/OneDrive/OneDrive%20-%20United%20Colleges%20Group/Desktop/Website%20Seikou%20Bah%20Karagera/TRAVEL.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 FAKE NEWS}}\cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/seikoubahkaragera/OneDrive/OneDrive%20-%20United%20Colleges%20Group/Desktop/Website%20Seikou%20Bah%20Karagera/DISCOVER.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 DISCOVER}}\cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/seikoubahkaragera/OneDrive/OneDrive%20-%20United%20Colleges%20Group/Desktop/Website%20Seikou%20Bah%20Karagera/BOOK.html"}}{\fldrslt VIDEOS}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/seikoubahkaragera/OneDrive/OneDrive%20-%20United%20Colleges%20Group/Desktop/Website%20Seikou%20Bah%20Karagera/MANAGE.html"}}{\fldrslt MANAGE}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/seikoubahkaragera/OneDrive/OneDrive%20-%20United%20Colleges%20Group/Desktop/Website%20Seikou%20Bah%20Karagera/UK.html"}}{\fldrslt UK}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/seikoubahkaragera/OneDrive/OneDrive%20-%20United%20Colleges%20Group/Desktop/Website%20Seikou%20Bah%20Karagera/HELP.html"}}{\fldrslt HELP}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/seikoubahkaragera/OneDrive/OneDrive%20-%20United%20Colleges%20Group/Desktop/Website%20Seikou%20Bah%20Karagera/LOGINOUT.html"}}{\fldrslt SIGN OUT}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2  \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Username
\f0\b0  
\f1\b Password
\f0\b0  
\f2\fs22 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 Login
\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2  Remember me \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs22 \cf3 \cb6 \strokec3 Cancel
\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb7 \strokec2 \
Forgot \cf8 \ul \ulc8 \strokec8 password?\cf2 \cb1 \ulnone \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa373\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs45 \cf3 \cb9 \strokec3 ABOUT US\cf10 \cb1 \strokec10 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs30 \cf3 \cb9 \strokec3 I am Seikou a student at City of Westminster College and I make this website to DETECT FAKE NEWS that circulate on social networks and the internet. This website is made to combat the information that circulates around us. 
\f3\i WHAT ARE FAKE NEWS? 
\f0\i0 The International Federation of Journalists, organisation representing 600,000 communicators and communicators throughout the world, considers it pertinent to address a publication that was intended to clarify and make visible the phenomenon of Fake News, by way of guide for journalists and for society in to identify them, avoid their reproduction and deny them. To slow down the circle of misinformation is important that both journalists as citizens can take awareness that it is an issue that has impact on society as a whole, which affects democratic integrity and that it should be addressed in its political, social and cultural.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa150\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb9 Copyright \'c2\'a9 2020 Fake News Detector Inc. All rights reserved. \cb1 \
}